some 138 a psalm of david i will praise
you with my whole heart before the gods
I will sing praises to you I will
worship toward your holy temple and
praise your name for your loving
kindness and your truth for you have
magnified your word above all your name
in the day when I cried out you answered
me and made me bold with strength in my
soul all the kings of the earth shall
praise you O Lord when they hear the
words of your mouth yes they shall sing
of the ways of the Lord for great is the
glory of the Lord though the Lord is on
high yet he regards the lowly but the
proud he knows from afar
though I walked in the midst of trouble
you will revive me you will stretch out
your hand against the wrath of my
enemies and your right hand will save me
the Lord will perfect that which
concerns me your mercy O Lord endures
forever
do not forsake the works of your hands
[Music]